README.md, before:

# Yugioh Calculator 2016

<img alt="Screenshot of Yugioh Calculator's equation builder and coin flipper / die roller"
     src="screenshot.png"
     align="right"/>

Check out the app at [www.yugiohcalculator.com](https://www.yugiohcalculator.com/)!

Welcome to the source code for the 2016 edition of Yugioh Calculator, a web app
for tracking life points in a game of Yu-Gi-Oh!

I've stripped down the set of features to only what is absolutely necessary, or
exceptionally useful, for dueling.  The hope is that Yugioh Calculator will
remain the simplest, most intuitive and most powerful calculator available.

Yugioh Calculator 2016 boasts the following features:

- Dual life point viewing and manipulation
- Ultra efficient quantity entry; only 2-3 clicks to modify either player's life
  by most amounts
- 1-click life points reset
- Dice, coins
- Undo
- History of life point modifications
- Match timer, 1-click to reset

The design has also been revamped to distribute space more economically, and to
be "flatter," and the colors are bolder.

## Development

Install Node.js.  Then, run the following commands from the project root:

```js
npm i
npm start
```

The app will be available at [localhost:3333](http://localhost:3333).

Test that the code is still clean and working with `npm test`.

## Deployment

Create a ".env" file at the project root with contents similar to the following
(customize the values to your liking):

```sh
#!/usr/bin/env bash
export SSH_USER=user
export SSH_HOSTNAME=example.com
export REMOTE_PROD_DEST_DIR=/var/www/example.com/html/
export SERVER_RELOAD_COMMAND='sudo service nginx reload'
```

Run `scripts/deploy.sh` to synchronize the built app with your web server.

## Contributing

Ideas and pull requests are welcome.  Extreme minimalism is a goal.

Special thanks to [Caleb Evans](http://calebevans.me) for making the "Heads" and
"Tails" icons.

## License

GPL (see LICENSE.txt).  Happy hacking!

Commit message:

Add a script and instructions for testing HTTPS-only features.

README.md, after:

# Yugioh Calculator 2016

<img alt="Screenshot of Yugioh Calculator's equation builder and coin flipper / die roller"
     src="screenshot.png"
     align="right"/>

Check out the app at [www.yugiohcalculator.com](https://www.yugiohcalculator.com/)!

Welcome to the source code for the 2016 edition of Yugioh Calculator, a web app
for tracking life points in a game of Yu-Gi-Oh!

I've stripped down the set of features to only what is absolutely necessary, or
exceptionally useful, for dueling.  The hope is that Yugioh Calculator will
remain the simplest, most intuitive and most powerful calculator available.

Yugioh Calculator 2016 boasts the following features:

- Dual life point viewing and manipulation
- Ultra efficient quantity entry; only 2-3 clicks to modify either player's life
  by most amounts
- 1-click life points reset
- Dice, coins
- Undo
- History of life point modifications
- Match timer, 1-click to reset

The design has also been revamped to distribute space more economically, and to
be "flatter," and the colors are bolder.

## Development

Install Node.js.  Then, run the following commands from the project root:

```js
npm i
npm start
```

The app will be available at [localhost:3333](http://localhost:3333).

Test that the code is still clean and working with `npm test`.

### Testing HTTPS-only features

Features like service workers only work with HTTPS.  If you don't want to go
through the hassle of setting that up, you can test these features by uploading
a built version of the app to GitHub Pages, which offers free HTTPS.

Adjacent to wherever you cloned this directory, clone the repository again, but
with a different name:

```sh
git clone --branch gh-pages --single-branch \
  git@github.com:jacksonrayhamilton/yugioh-calculator-2016.git \
  yugioh-calculator-2016-gh-pages
```

Afterwards, the directory structure of the place on your computer where you
store your repositories should look like this:

```
yugioh-calculator-2016/
yugioh-calculator-2016-gh-pages/
```

Then, within the `yugioh-calculator-2016/` directory, run `scripts/gh-pages.sh`
to build and deploy the app to GitHub pages.  Visit the app at
https://jacksonrayhamilton.github.io/yugioh-calculator-2016/ (but replace
"jacksonrayhamilton" with the name of your GitHub account).

## Deployment

Create a ".env" file at the project root with contents similar to the following
(customize the values to your liking):

```sh
#!/usr/bin/env bash
export SSH_USER=user
export SSH_HOSTNAME=example.com
export REMOTE_PROD_DEST_DIR=/var/www/example.com/html/
export SERVER_RELOAD_COMMAND='sudo service nginx reload'
```

Run `scripts/deploy.sh` to synchronize the built app with your web server.

## Contributing

Ideas and pull requests are welcome.  Extreme minimalism is a goal.

Special thanks to [Caleb Evans](http://calebevans.me) for making the "Heads" and
"Tails" icons.

## License

GPL (see LICENSE.txt).  Happy hacking!
